right chargrilled over jeans from the
freezer
I didn't you are real them and I'm going
to show you one of perhaps the greatest
Italian dishes of all this is called
melanzana parmigiana and it means over
sheens cooked with Parmesan cheese you
start off with a layer of frozen
aubergine and you put the aubergine to
line the plate and what you would
normally have to do with old machines is
you would have to sprinkle them with
salt and leave them to drain to get some
of the moisture out otherwise the
finished dish would be too sloppy what I
must do now is put it with the seasoning
on them the other thing you would have
to do if we were making this is make a
really slow cooked tomato sauce but I've
got one here that slow cooked
beautifully reduced from a jar put half
of that over the layer of oh machines in
the dish on top of that is going to have
some basil leaves some whole basil
leaves that are just laying on top of
the aubergine and tomato like that now
I've got here
ready grated cheddar and mozzarella so
I'm going to put half on there now and
then I'm going to put a tablespoon of
ready grated parmigiano-reggiano
and then we're just going to repeat that
now with another layer of over sheen's
then we're going to have the rest of the
tomato sauce and then the rest of the
cheese the rest of the grated cheddar
and mozzarella
now another tablespoon of parmesan and
then a final layer of over jeans it's
just a fantastic ingredient and then 2
tablespoons to finish off with of
Parmesan nice generous 2 tablespoons and
then about a dessert spoon approximately
of olive oil just sprinkled over the top
and it's going to have about 30 minutes
to cook altogether hot oven when this
comes out of the oven what you need to
do is give it about 10 minutes to kind
of settle down before you start to serve
it I think that's one of the nicest
vegetarian dishes I know and I I love
eating meat but when I got that I don't
miss the me